What is a guys inbox Max.
Now in this video I'm going to be showing you that how can you for but the fidgets.
OK.
Where did the visits and why are they used for so now you can see that side bar.
That is coming.
This is the show this is showing some stuff.
You can see we have the search.
I have recent post recent comments and stuff.
So they are basically called the fudge.
OK.
Midgets are necessary for you if you want to add the blog functionality.
But if you do not want to add the blog functionality then widgets are not recommended to use and the
About page in these because about pages do not have to not use that.
So the blogs mostly have the video so that anyone can just reading this and he sees a new thing like
categories a feature.
OK so he'll just go there and he'll just OK I just want to go ahead and I want to open up.
So how you can just edit the sidebar and how you can work for the Brigitte's.
What are the widgets how to add them and how to just work with it.
Let's just go ahead and let's just go to dashboard right now.
OK.
I'm going to go to the appearance and then I'm going to go to visit trade now and any here I can manage
every widget that has on my screen.
So we have the blog sidebar foot Erwan and footer too.
OK.
So let's just work the blog sidebar.
And then I'm going to tell you that for about the for her to later on.
So you can see that we have these currently right here.
If I just open this up in my new top then you can see me go down and we have this blog one right here.
So let's open this up and you can see that we have the sidebar even if he finish up any of the post.
This is same.
OK.
So you can add that if you want to.
How are you going to do that.
You can just pretty well change stuff.
You can pretty well do anything.
So let's suppose that I don't like this meta tags like it's a site admin log out entries are a Says
word pre-start Oregon these messages that I don't like this.
I just want to remove it.
I'm just going to go here and I'm going to hit delete.
That's all this is removed and then I just come here and I will just refresh you will see that this
will be gone.
Let's refresh gun.
I can see that this is how our it is looking now.
We have our search.
We have a recent post.
We have a recent Commons in these are these are default Lee added by Word Press.
OK.
You can see we have archives as well what are the archives it's going to show the date like when the
post was published and something like that so if I just hope in January 2019 initial all the post that
has the month January 2010 so show all the posts that were posted on this date.
So now what I'm going to do I'm just going to tell you that how can you add these available vergence
into here.
OK so let's suppose that I want to add the text.
OK.
Like I want to add the text about welcoming so that can be like welcome to our block.
Let's address OK.
And this is the title is going to be.
Welcome to our blog.
OK.
So I'm just giving you an example like how can you add it.
And I'm going to keep it to be like bold OK like I want to make it bold and I want it to be like we
can view OK and then I'm going to go hit it I'm going to save and let's just go ahead and let's have
a look at this.
Let's refresh this.
OK refresh this page here you can see it says Welcome to our blog and we welcome you.
So let's suppose that I don't want to add the title.
I just want to add this.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to remove this and I'm going to come here and I'm going to save it all.
And I have to come here and I have to refresh this and refreshing you can see it.
We welcome you.
So you can see how great it is looking.
I can bring this text to the top.
OK.
And this is right here and I'm going to add it to be like.
Welcome you to our blog
and I mean it's save and let's have a look.
OK.
It will give a great impression it can see days while we've commute to our blog.
So this is the tykes.
It is set that is coming and then we have the search and these right here that are coming here so you
can pretty well go ahead and edit them as well.
Like let's suppose that I want to show the recent post to be like the count of three.
OK.
I just wanted to show three recent posts little.
I'm going to come here are two recent posts and I'm going to show here it to be like number of polls
to show and I'm going to keep keep it like two.
OK.
It's a toolbox that's all.
It doesn't.
I don't want to show three or four.
OK.
I'm going to I'm here and I'm going to hit refresh and I can see how this is showing.
Two recent polls.
That's all.
OK.
I'm like this I can go here to the recent comments and in here that I want to show him to show your
comment like I want to remove the comment.
I don't want to show to show that he can't.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit it fresh and I can see no commentary here since we have
deleted that since there are no comments that is why this is not coming.
Now let's just go ahead and let's work for the categories you can see that we have the category right
here.
If I want to come here and you can see it is display as drop down Show post count show as you don't
know how to pronounce this.
So let's just go ahead and let's just say I like this.
OK.
So I looked at this and I just go ahead and I just said Save and I just come here and I just refresh
this you can see till the eyes drop down so if I just like to be like category to be news then it's
going to refresh and is going to show the category of the news.
So this is a pretty good way to just choose the category show Post count.
OK.
So just clicking yes let's just go ahead Alex refresh.
Now you can see this is the showing the post count that how many post we have.
So for a feature it's a show to post I can see two posts are coming here.
And then we have the show this so I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit save.
Let's have a look at this.
OK we have to uncheck this and let's have a look at this.
And let's say this.
And now we have all refreshed she will see the look will be changed a bit.
So you can see it.
It is like this feature news press release and everything.
So this is how it is looking guys and it works pretty cool right now.
So now you can see that we are totally done with a vengeance.
I know you might have understand this.
OK.
I know it might be so confusing to you right now.
But we will understand when we will work for their projects for them more projects like when we will
build professional blog and stuff.
Then you will understand it much better.
Guys.
OK.
So do not worry about this.
If you are just like I want to learn more.
OK.
And we will build a different type of projects and you will understand different type of things.
That is why I'm telling you not to just leave this course and build your own website you can practice
on the sidebar that is recommended by me even but do not be like that.
OK I know WordPress now and I don't want any lecture and I'm done.
Don't be like that guys because there are so many things even that are new to me but I just watching
searching on Google and these when I am doing a research I find so many things to be like new when I'm
like Coquet is also done with wordpress.
OK.
And I call myself an expert and that's all.
So now you can see this is how it works.
So now I'm going to show you how to work for the footer.
OK.
So before I get adding anything I want to tell you what is a footer.
If you just come here to our website and can see the footer is basically called a footer area of the
website.
So this is this is the area down side is called the footer.
If I just want to add anything on the footer which is not recommended but I just wanted to tell you
that advocates appear in the footer so let's suppose that I want to add about my test company.
OK.
Which is like I deal.
I mean they come here and I'm going to and this and I'm going to add like about us.
OK.
And then I want to add the Lauren ipsum.
And I need it to be small not very big.
That's it was and I need it like this.
OK.
That's all I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit save for now.
I have I did that in the sidebar.
But I want to just try and drop it right here in the next day.
Now let's go ahead and let's refresh so I can see that this is how it is coming inside here in the footer.
And mostly people do have the footer mostly websites.
OK.
Let me show you the examples.
Even you to me has that OK if I just open up my profile and then I go down he can see this is the area
that we have is basically called the footer.
OK.
So and like this if I just open up Apple.
Let's open up the plug.
OK.
And then I go down go down and you can see this is the area that we have for Apple.
So they have used menus right here same like this you can use the menu.
OK for a foot or two you can show a menu.
OK.
Let's see if we have a menu.
Navigation menu.
OK.
I'm going to add this to for two and I'm going to add the widget.
And then I have to select the menu to the menus that way.
So let's suppose that I want to add a new menu.
Let's just go to the menu right here and I want to create that menu to be like for menu.
OK I'm going to hit create a new menu and then I'm going to add it to be like footer menu.
OK.
And that's all I have to just create menu.
This is right here and I want to add all the links so I'm going to select all.
OK.
It will be added here.
Just I want to be just delete this page because we have two home.
Ok home about us blog.
Contact us.
OK.
And I also need the categories right here.
So let's suppose that I want to add these as well.
OK.
And these are coming here and I want to add the more links so it will be like link to my Facebook so
it's going to be like f b dot com and the link text is to be like find us on Facebook so here you can
add the link on your Facebook page.
That's all you have to hit add too many.
And these right here so this is all coming here.
I'm going to go in and I'm going to hit save and I am going to go to the vigil and I'm going to get
free for this.
So refreshing.
You will see we have the navigation menu and we have the menus to select.
I'm going to select the footer menu and I'm going to hit save.
That's all you have to do.
You do need to select the position.
Here it goes.
OK.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to refresh this and you can see how it is looking.
Home About Us law conduct this and everything.
So I'm going to select the title to be like
need help need help.
OK.
And so you can keep it like a menu.
All pages or the site map or anything.
So let's go ahead and let's just save it and let's have a look at this OK.
You can see our Web site now looks kind of professional.
Not very much professional but it looks kind of professional so you can see it size about us.
All pages and everything.
But I don't think so.
If the footer is looking cool so I'm going to go to this and I'm going to remove this
and remove it from here.
That's all.
Let's go ahead and let's refresh and you can see that there is no footer and or side.
Now looks much better.
Instead of that.
So now we totally totally done with the blog for totally done Medad and now in this video I'm going
to he's telling you about the settings a bit in the next video sorry.
And then we're going to be very up for that customization.
And then the team and then we're going to work with the project so I'm so excited to just work on the
projects right now.
But I know you must be excited the same but please guys what should this section.
I guess this section is so important and do not miss any of the video because everything is new in here.
So stadium guys and nobody.